[Music]
[Applause]
look out my way whore yeah okay let me
see the camera is it recording yes hey
you got some god damn it fuck holy shit
[Music]
they don't get a transfer say man after
this Rick
oh he won't smoke in the cigar
[Music]
I got take to him without doing what she
broke they make love all this one that
damn it hurry hurry up they see yeah she
got tell me what hurts everything hurts
okay buck take it off
Thank You somebody grab his head lay on
your back please straight back ah you
can take his jacket off put those gloves
underneath his head
there's many things is it I've never
seen that before from behind it was
scary dude but I got it on tape yo hey
pick your nose lay down lay down you
straighten your legs uh you go worse
than anything else we're all doctors
don't worry
[Music]
Oh
yeah
don't know man
hey calm down man shit happens
fine
[Music]